c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\obj\Debug\Soundsystem.copy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\Soundsystem.copy.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\Soundsystem.copy.pdb
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\obj\Debug\Soundsystem.copy.dll
c:\users\ahmad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Soundsystem.copy\Soundsystem.copy\obj\Debug\Soundsystem.copy.pdb
